Write a Python program to calculate the length of a string.

Write a Python program which accepts the radius of a circle from
 the user and compute the area.

Write a Python program which accepts the user's first and last 
name and print them in reverse order with a space between them.

Write a Python program to get the volume of a sphere with radius 6.

Write a Python program to get the difference between a given 
number and 17, if the number is greater than 17 return the difference else print -1.

Write a Python program to calculate the sum of three given numbers, 
if the values are equal then return three times of their sum.

Write a Python program to find whether a given number 
(accept from the user) is even or odd, print out an appropriate
 message to the user.

Write a Python program to test whether a passed 
letter is a vowel or not.

Write a Python program that will accept the base and height of a triangle 
and compute the area.

Write a Python program to sum of three given integers. 
However, if two values are equal sum will be zero.
 
Write a Python program to sum of two given integers. 
However, if the sum is between 15 to 20 it will return 20.

Write a Python program that will return true if the two given integer 
values are equal or their sum or difference is 5.

 Write a Python program to display your details like name, age, 
address in three different lines. 

Write a Python program to solve (x + y) * (x + y).
Write a Python program to compute the future value of a specified principal amount, rate of interest, and a number of years.
Test Data : amt = 10000, int = 3.5, years = 7
Expected Output : 12722.79

Write a Python program to find those numbers which are
 divisible by 7 and multiple of 5, between 1500 and 2700 (both included).

Write a Python program to convert temperatures to and from celsius, fahrenheit.
[ Formula : c/5 = f-32/9 [ where c = temperature in celsius and f = temperature
 in fahrenheit ]
Expected Output :
60°C is 140 in Fahrenheit
45°F is 7 in Celsius

Write a Python program to guess a number between 1 to 9.
Note : User is prompted to enter a guess. If the user guesses wrong then
 the prompt appears again until the guess is correct, on successful guess,
 user will get a "Well guessed!" message, and the program will exit.

Write a Python program which iterates the integers from 1 to 50. For multiples of three print "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five print "Buzz". For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print "FizzBuzz".
Sample Output :
fizzbuzz
1
2
fizz
4
buzz





